Documentation: troubleshooting section added (#55)
pyansys/pydpf-post: docs/source/user_guide/troubleshooting.rst

.. _user_guide_troubleshooting:

===============
Troubleshooting
===============

> This section explains how to resolve the most common issues encountered with ``pydpf-post``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to resolve the most common issues encountered with PyPDF-Post:.
```

Reviewer: There is no need to use the literal string for the module name. I see that the libary name now includes the "Py" prefix. I'll have to try to make time to edit all of your DPF files to use PyDPF-Core and PyDPF-Post.

> This section explains how to resolve the most common issues encountered with ``pydpf-post``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to resolve the most common issues encountered with PyDPF-Post.
```

It also includes suggestions for improving scripts.

> Using the solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Solution
```

------------------

> Invalid UTF-8 warning/issue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invalid UTF-8 Error 
```

Reviewer: Use error since you indicated below an error is raised.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Trying to load a solution with: 

Reviewer: Assume that you are using the following code to load a solution:

Reviewer: It's harder to comprehend when they sentence is split by a code example. It's much better to split into two complete sentences.

> Trying to load a solution with: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you are using this code to load a solution: 
```

.. code-block:: default

    from ansys.dpf import post
    solution = post.load_solution('file.rst')

The following error can be raised: 

.. code-block:: default

    [libprotobuf ERROR C:\.conan\897de8\1\protobuf\src\google\protobuf\wire_format_lite.cc:578] 
    String field 'ansys.api.dpf.result_info.v0.ResultInfoResponse.user_name' contains invalid UTF-8 
    data when serializing a protocol buffer. Use the 'bytes' type if you intend to send raw bytes.

> This will prevent the solution to be accessed. To avoid a such inconvenience, please ensure to work with 

Reviewer: Ansys (and Microsoft) style for technical documentation says not to use "please".

> a version higher than 0.2.1 for the ansys-dpf-post module, and higher than 0.3.2 of the ansys-dpf-core module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a DPF-Post version higher than 0.2.1and a DPF-Core version higher than 0.3.2.
```

> In this case, a warning will still be raised, but it should not prevent to use the solution anymore. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, a warning will still be raised, but it should no longer prevent the solution from being accessed.
```

> The solution needs to set a physics_type and an analysis type to allow the result file to be read. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution needs to set a ``physics_type`` and an ``analysis type`` to allow the result file to be read. This
```

> can be specified using the "physics_type" and "analysis_type" arguments of the load_solution method: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These arguments are specified for the ``load_solution`` method: 
```
